- [Instructor] Collaborating with your team
in Git becomes easy once you've learned
and put in place an effective workflow.
That's why development teams turn
to establish Git workflows to improve their practices
for managing source code with Git.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
I've been teaching developers how to use Git
for over a decade and know the pain points they encounter
and how Git workflows like Gitflow,
GitHub flow, and Trunk-based development can eliminate them.
These popular Git workflows that I'll teach you
in this course are used
by many teams to simplify their process
for integrating code changes and performing releases.
So after watching this course
you'll understand the main concepts
behind these Git workflows and be able to execute them
so that you can work seamlessly with your team.
So if you want to work more effectively with Git, join me
on my LinkedIn Learning Course
to learn how Git workflows will streamline
your development process.